Ah Li Qianyun
It's really Li Qianyun
I clearly saw it was him
Who?
Chen Qing, I'm Li Xianyu
It's really too much for us to ask for our lives
What I hate the most in my life is the talk of ghosts and gods
Who the hell are you, good coffin
I went out and pushed it open. The clearance is on.
Bah bah bah
Mr. Zhang, don't go, it's alright
What kind of fraud?
Isn't this lying here?
Okay, your forensic doctor has already identified it
People are dead, stop being paranoid
stinky woman
If we can kill you once, we can kill you a second time
Miss, just go in peace
Everything about this talisman
Leave it to me and Chang Qing to enjoy the happiness for you
Hahahaha